PA-5569 Documentation updates (#58)
soos-io/soos-ci-analysis-python: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!---
> If you've edited any of the arguments for this package:
> 
> 1. Run this script with the --helpFormatted argument (ex. soos-sca --helpFormatted)
> 2. Copy the result and paste it in the README under '### Script Arguments'
> 3. Make sure your terminal didn't wrap any lines, confirm the table looks correct
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changes:
  - Description of the change

**Ticket:** https://soos.atlassian.net/browse/PA-0000

<!---
If you've edited any of the arguments for this package:

1. Run this script with the --helpFormatted argument (ex. soos-dast --helpFormatted)
2. Copy the result and paste it in the README under '### Script Arguments'
3. Make sure your terminal didn't wrap any lines, confirm the table looks correct
-->
```

Taking the oportunity add these

Author: good point
